
> Note: Almost everything here that *would* have a name is currently a placeholder. I just wanted to get the ideas down before I forgot them. Placeholder names **look like this**.

### Basic Summary

- There's this huge war going on between **The Bruh Coalition** and **The Brainrot Empire**
- The player plays as **Main Character**, a powerful mage who fights for **The Bruh Coalition**. **Main Character**'s presence alone is enough to turn the tide of the war in **The Bruh Coalition**'s favor.
- However, during a pivotal battle in this war against another powerful mage named **Rival Mage**, **Main Character** was caught off-guard and stripped of their powers. Because of this, **Rival Mage** sealed **Main Character** away with a powerful spell.
	- However, before being completely sealed away, an ally of **Main Character** interfered with the sealing spell.
	- This interference allows for people outside of the seal's realm to interact with the player a little bit
		- Conceptually, I think of this kinda like the boons in **Hades**.
- The sealing spell sends **Main Character** to a prison realm named **Seal Realm**, where they are trapped in an environment that continuously transforms and is filled with enemies.
- Throughout the course of the game, the player is trying to escape **Seal Realm** while also building their strength.
- Once they escape, **Main Character** aims to turn the tides of the war.
	- This will be conveyed through a cutscene or something
	- Or, as a stretch goal, maybe the player can play through the final battle against **Rival Mage**.

#### Faction 1: The Bruh Coalition (Name Not Final)

```diff
+ New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content!
```

- A coalition of individual countries who are joining forces for the sole reason of defeating **The Brainrot Empire**.
- **Main Character** is a powerful mage from one of the countries that is part of **The Bruh Coalition**.

> Note: Given that **The Bruh Coalition** is a coalition of countries, I think it makes sense for each country to have their own unique culture and identity. This way, we can make **The Bruh Coalition** feel like a real place rather than just a collection of countries that are all the same.

```diff
- End of New Content! End of New Content! End of New Content! End of New Content!
```

#### Faction 2: The Brainrot Empire (Name Not Final)

```diff
+ New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content!
```

- A powerful empire
- Usually grows in size through "diplomatic means" (usually backed by the threat of force)
- There are generally two types of people in **The Brainrot Empire**:
	1. People who are loyal to the empire and believe in its cause. These people are particularly overzealous and preach **The Brainrot Empire**'s ideals. **Rival Mage** falls into this category.
	2. People who have grown a little hopeless and see no point in resisting **The Brainrot Empire**'s overwhelming power. These people are just trying to survive and are willing to do whatever it takes to survive.
- **The Brainrot Empire**'s main reason for expanding is to acquire more resources and develop their civilization. However, this comes at the expense of the culture and identity of the people that they conquer.

```diff
- End of New Content! End of New Content! End of New Content! End of New Content!
```

#### Why Are They at War?
- They're fighting over some resource.

> Note: I want whatever this resource is to be something magical. Also, it should have medical applications or something. This way, any health powerups the player finds can be explained as being made from this resource. Also, I want this resource to be visually reoccurring throughout the game within the game's "safe spaces". This way, the player will be able to recognize it and associate it the game's world OUTSIDE the **Seal Realm**.

```diff
+ New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content! New Content!
```

##### Mana Overview
- In this world, "Mana" is a resource that people use to cast spells.
- Everybody has the capacity to naturally generate and store mana. However, the amount of mana that a person can store varies from person to person.
	- The amount of mana a person can store can be increased through training, but it is also limited by the person's physical body.

##### Mana As a Natural Resource
- Separate from the mana that people naturally generate, there are also natural sources of mana that can be found in the world.
- These naturally occurring sources of mana are most often found in solid (crystal) forms, but can also be found in liquid or gaseous forms.
- Unlike the mana generated by people, the power of the mana from these natural resources generally cannot be directly used to cast spells.
- Instead, these resources are harvested and refined for uses such as:
	- magical artifacts
	- weapons
	- potions
	- fuel / an energy source
- Imagine this world went through its own industrial revolution, but the harvesting of these natural mana resources was the driving force behind it.
- Not all instances of these natural resources are equally potent. Some have higher concentrations of mana than others, leading to more powerful artifacts, weapons, and potions, etc.
- Mana resources come from the decomposition of living things. As such, the more powerful the living thing was in life, the more potent the mana resource it generates will be.

> Note: It might be a good idea to develop two different terms for the mana that people generate and the mana that is found in the world. This way, we can differentiate between the two types of mana and make it easier for the player to understand the game's narrative.
> OR just turn every resource into mana crystals or something to make it apparent that they're two different things.

##### The Conflict
- A powerful ancient magical beast lived underground for centuries. This mana that this beast was exuding was so powerful that it discouraged civilizations from settling in the area. However, as the beast died from old age and decomposed, a new powerful mana crystal was formed.
- The creation of this mana crystal sent out a powerful shockwave that was felt throughout the world. This shockwave was so powerful that it caused several countries to send groups to investigate the source of the shockwave.
- **The Brainrot Empire** and a country who later joins **The Bruh Coalition** both send groups to investigate and claim this resource for themselves
- However, once these two groups met, they immediately started fighting over the resource
- Realizing that this resource could not fall into the hands of **The Brainrot Empire**, several weaker countries join to form **The Bruh Coalition**.
- Understanding that controlling this resource would upset the balance of power in the world, the countries of **The Bruh Coalition** swear to prevent any single group from controlling this resource.
- **The Bruh Coalition** and **The Brainrot Empire** are now at war over this resource.

##### **Seal Realm**
- Several people in this world have the power to send people to **Seal Realm**. However, most people who know how to use it belong to **The Brainrot Empire**, as they are the ones who possess the knowledge to teach the spell to others. Only the most distinguished mages are taught this spell.
- As such, **Seal Realm** is not exclusive to **Main Character**.
- People are usually sent to **Seal Realm** as a punishment for crimes against **The Brainrot Empire**. However, it is usually reserved for powerful individuals who may still pose a threat when placed in a traditional prison. People are also sent here if the people who has the spell feels like sending someone here, like if they get really upset with someone.
- Sections of **Seal Realm** have their own ecosystems and environments. As such, people who get sent to **Seal Realm** can survive off of the resources they find in these sections. However, depending on which part of **Seal Realm** they are in, there are still dangerous enemies that pose a threat to them.
- This is why **Main Character** is able to encounter some individuals or the bodies of some individuals who have been sent to **Seal Realm**. These individuals are usually not hostile and are just trying to survive in **Seal Realm**.

```diff
- End of New Content! End of New Content! End of New Content! End of New Content!
```

### Conveying the Game's Story to the Player

- Narrative is mainly conveyed in areas where the player is safe from combat.

#### Interaction Gateways
- In these "safe spaces" are **Interaction Gateways**
- **Interaction Gateways** are portals from outside **Seal Realm** that allow **Main Character**'s allies to converse w/ **Main Character**.
- **Main Character**'s allies provide information about the world, the war, and **Main Character**'s past.

> - For right now, I don't know if I want communication to be one-way through **Interaction Gateways**. Should **Main Character** be able to respond to their allies? Should they be able to ask questions?
> - Also, I don't know how expository this communication should be. Shouldn't **Main Character** know this stuff already since they're an established person in this world?
	- Should the dialogue focus moreso on the current state of the war and **Main Character**'s allies rather than the lore of the world?
	- Or, maybe **Main Character** is just a really strong guy who has never really cared to learn about the politics / history of their world.

- **Rival Mage** is the main recurring antagonist of the game. As such, they have their own **Interaction Gateways** that appear after certain events.
	- They might appear after boss fights or randomly after clearing rooms

#### Safe Spaces Where We Do the Dialogue Thing
- **The Starting Room** - The starting room is an empty room that somewhat resembles a prison cell. Inside this room is an **Interaction Gateway** that allows **Main Character** to communicate with their allies. This room is the player's starting point and is where they will spawn after dying.
	- The first time the player plays the game, this **Interaction Gateway** will have a character named **Ally 1** who will explain their situation.
- Shop
- Item rooms or something idk
- Boss rooms after beating the boss

#### Allies
- **Ally 1** - This character is the first ally that **Main Character** meets. They are the one who interfered with the sealing spell and are the one who explains the situation to **Main Character**. They are a powerful mage who has been fighting for **The Bruh Coalition** for a long time.
- The rest of the allies have less story significance and are just there to provide information about the world and the war.
- Idea: Much like other rogue-likes, the player randomly meets new people as they progress through the game, which unlocks those NPCs for use in later playthroughs
	- In this game, we will see these characters in the **Interaction Gateways** (throughout the game and at the start of each run)

#### Explicit Acknowledgement of the Loop
- Every time the player respawns in the starting room, the **Interaction gateway** that is in the center of the room contains a different character. They'll say something from a pool of text lines that are all about **Main Character** dying again.
