### POC Is NOT Ready

We're just not there yet. We need another week AT LEAST.

Idek why I put that question in the google form. I was gonna push it back anyway.

GOALS
- Proof of Concept levelSSSS (Plural)

### Show Off the Game So Far

- Start off in the "starting room"
    - Intro Dialogue
    - Walk over to the thing to get more dialogue
    - Get given a tome
- Exit the first room & get loaded into the next one
- Kill all the enemies to clear the room
- Spawn another dialogue interaction
    - Speak to Finish the room.
- Leave & repeat

### Department Meetings

In the last meeting, we talked about having departmental meetings in addition to our weekly meetings just so each team can get more focused feedback and direction. We'll try that out this week.

While we're all here, let's discuss the best times for these meetings this week.

#### LD + Environmental Artist Meeting for the Environmental Design

- All LDs (6) + Environmental Artists (3) + Narrative Designer? (1)

In this meeting, we’re going to go over what exactly the game’s levels are going to look like. This is definitely a source of confusion and has not been properly explained to everyone on the team. 

- Look over the references & explain the vision behind what exactly they are trying to convey

- Go over Matthew’s Kit Pieces (and his level) and determine how exactly we’re supposed to use his assets to achieve the look we’re going for

- Go over all the pieces in Mikel’s kit and how they’re supposed to be used.

- Also, go over how to use a modular kit properly. (Especially when it comes to corner pieces and how doing them incorrectly messes up kit modularity).

#### 2D Artist + Narrative Designer Meeting for the Character Concepts

- Narrative Designer (1) + 2D Artists (2)

In this meeting, we’ll briefly go over the designs for Magnus and Tarun. 

Also, by the time this meeting happens, I would have hopefully dragged Alecks’s UI in-engine just to see what it looks like.

### Changes To How We Share Work

- Now we have #finished-work!!! This channel’s for sharing work that has been approved and doesn’t need any more feedback

- Department channels like #team-designer are used for sharing work and getting feedback from leads / people in your department.

- Individual threads are for giving status updates on where exactly your work is at.

- At any point, we’ll prolly ask you guys to send your work in a specific channel if we think it should be there.

### Use Your Personal Threads a Little More

Right now, the personal threads are being a little underutilized. Right now, just by looking at the threads, half of them have disappeared from the side of my screen, which means they haven't been used in like over a week.

I was hoping to use these, not just as a place for personal feedback, but for documenting your progress on your tasks. Right now, we aren't exactly sure where everyone is at with their tasks, and I was hoping that we could use the personal threads to get more proactive updates on what everyone's doing.

### Discussion About the Responses in the Google Form

Real quick, I had intended to keep the responses as anonymous as possible, so I’ve been the only one reading them. But, I was wondering if it was ok for me to share your responses with the producers as well.

Some of you guys had a lot of stuff to say, so I’m gonna reach out to you guys (probably right after the meeting) to follow up on your responses. I might even ask some of you to schedule a time to hop in call so I can understand you a little better.

BUT, I wanted to have a little session where we publicly talk about how we feel about the project. 

First question tho, how do y’all feel about the Github bot???
